README.md, before:

# E-commercial

## Description 
Our project is an e-commerce website developed to gain experience in teamwork and master React. 

## Technologies
- React
- TypeScript
- Redux Toolkit
- Redux Saga
- Tailwind CSS
- Handlebars
- Vite
- Additional technologies will be added later

## Installation
### Steps
- Clone the repository: link
- Install dependencies: `npm install`
- Start the project in dev mode: `npm run dev`
- Builds the project for deployment: `npm run build`

## Contribution Guidelines
### Pull Requests
- Every PR should be linked to a task from the task management system (Jira) to track progress
- Every PR should contain a brief description of the changes made
- All tests must be successfully passed before merging the PR
- The code must be reviewed by at least one other team member before merging the PR

### Commit Message
- Each commit should have a clear and informative message describing the essence of the changes
- Follow [RS school's Commit Message Conventions](https://docs.rs.school/#/git-convention), as a guide for formatting commit messages

### Code Style
- We adhere to the Airbnb coding style to ensure uniformity and code readability
- Before merging the PR, make sure the code meets quality and readability standards

## Authors
- [Mikhail Kruk (MikeKruk)](https://github.com/MikeKruk)
- [Siarhej Kavaliou (sk85web)](https://github.com/sk85web)
- [Ivan Yatsko (ivanyatsko)](https://github.com/ivanyatsko)

Commit message:

refactor: RSSECOM-1_00 change readme file

README.md, after:

# E-commercial

## Description 
Our project is an e-commerce website developed to gain experience in teamwork and master React. 

## Technologies
- React
- TypeScript
- Redux Toolkit
- Redux Saga
- Tailwind CSS
- Handlebars
- Vite
- Additional technologies will be added later

## Installation
### Steps
- Clone the repository: link
- Install dependencies: `npm install`
- Start the project in dev mode: `npm run dev`
- Builds the project for deployment: `npm run build`

## Contribution Guidelines
### Pull Requests
- Every PR should contain a brief description of the changes made
- All tests must be successfully passed before merging the PR
- The code must be reviewed by at least one other team member before merging the PR

### Jira Integration Guidelines
- To ensure effective tracking of tasks, **every branch name and commit message should include the task key from Jira**. For example, if you're working on a task with the key "RSSECOM-1" for refactoring the readme file, your branch name could be "refactor/RSSECOM-1_00_readme" and your commit message could include the task key like this: "refactor: RSSECOM-1_00 change readme file"

### Commit Message
- Each commit should have a clear and informative message describing the essence of the changes
- Follow [RS school's Commit Message Conventions](https://docs.rs.school/#/git-convention), as a guide for formatting commit messages

### Code Style
- We adhere to the Airbnb coding style to ensure uniformity and code readability
- Before merging the PR, make sure the code meets quality and readability standards

## Authors
- [Mikhail Kruk (MikeKruk)](https://github.com/MikeKruk)
- [Siarhej Kavaliou (sk85web)](https://github.com/sk85web)
- [Ivan Yatsko (ivanyatsko)](https://github.com/ivanyatsko)
